#Character0
id: player
name: Alice
description: "The protagonist of the story. A curious and adventurous young girl. She is polite, logical, and not afraid to say her piece."

#Character1
id: sister
name: Sister
description: "Alice's older sister. She seems to be completely absorbed in the book she is reading." 
talk: "I should let my sister alone. She's enjoying her boring pictureless book."

#Character2
id: whiteRabbit
name: White Rabbit
description: "A frantic, anxious, and manic rabbit wearing a waistcoat and pocket watch. He is always worried about being late for something important."
talk_doorwayHall: "The White Rabbit seems startled by me and anxiously quickens his pace down the hall. It looks like he dropped some small white gloves and a hand fan."
talk_whiteRabbitHome: "Mary Ann! Fetch me my gloves and fan this instant!!!"
talk_royalGardens: "Hush! Keep your voice down. The Queen is in a mood! She just sentenced her cousin, the Duchess, to a beheading. Did you say what a pity!? No? Oh, nevermind."
talk_throne: "SHHHH! The trial is about to start. Go sit down!"

#Character3
id: queenHearts
name: "Queen of Hearts"
description: "An oppressive and violent Queen. She is easily angered and quick to order her subject's executions. Be careful what you say."
talk_royalGardens: "Off with their heads! Guards, seize them immediately!"

#Character4
id: kingHearts
name: "King of Hearts"
description: "The Queen's meek and submissive husband. He will often try to calm down the Queen but lacks a spine. He always pardons the victims of the Queen's execution orders."

#Character5
id: cheshireCat
name: "Cheshire Cat"
description: "A large, mischievous cat that is perpetually grinning. Despite his unsettling appearance, he seems to be the most sane creature in Wonderland."

#Character6
id: duchess
name: "Duchess"
description: "An incredibly rude, unpleasant, and hideous woman. Part of the royal court. She is overall an untrustworthy and abusive person."

#Character7
id: caterpillar
name: "Caterpillar"
description: "A giant blue caterpillar that enjoys his alone time atop a mushroom with a hookah. He has a prickly temperament but is wise, if cryptic, in his advice."

#Character8
id: madHatter
name: "Mad Hatter"
description: "An incredibly eccentric host of the Mad Tea Party. He likes to ask nonsensical questions and has strange mannerisms."

#Character9
id: marchHare
name: "March Hare"
description: "One of the Mad Hatter's companions for the eternal tea party. Equally as mad as the Hatter."

#Character10
id: dormouse
name: "Dormouse"
description: "A strange creature with narcolepsy, the third and final guest of the eternal tea party. He is apparently quite the storyteller."

#Character11
id: mockTurtle
name: "Mock Turtle"
description: "A melancholic half pig, half turtle. He is incredibly self-absorbed and forlorn. He has a penchant for reminiscing."

#Character12
id: knave
name: "Knave"
description: "The Knave of the royal house. Not much is known except his being on trial for thievery of the royal tarts."

#Character13
id: mouse
name: "Mouse"
description: "An easily offended French mouse who presumably came over to these lands with William the Conqueror. He hates cats and dogs due to his long, violent history with them."

#Character14
id: dodo
name: "Dodo"
description: "A dodo bird that enjoys using refined vocabulary despite the fact that his peers criticize his use of it."

#Character15
id: lory
name: "Lory"
description: "The Lory, who is most definitely older than Alice. We're not quite sure how old they are, but we trust them!"

#Character16
id: cook
name: "Cook"
description: "The Duchess's cook. A crude woman of few words but brash behavior. Her favorite pastime is throwing household items at people."

#Character17
id: pigeon
name: "Pigeon"
description: "This pigeon has been severely wronged by serpents who are trying to steal its eggs. Therefore anything that looks even remotely like a serpent must be so!"

#Character18
id: twoFiveSeven
name: "Two, Five, and Seven"
description: "Three stooges who are trying to paint white roses red to avoid execution by the Queen."

#Character19
id: billLizard
name: "Bill the Lizard"
description: "An unfortunately dull creature who is always on the receiving end of bullying."

#Character20
id: frogFootman
name: "Frog Footman"
description: "A frustrating creature who enjoys speaking absolute nonsense regarding who may enter and leave the house."

#Character21
id: gryphon
name: "Gryphon"
description: "A half-lion, half-eagle creature tasked with escorting Alice to meet the Mock Turtle. Seems a decent enough fellow, if a bit bossy."

#Character22
id: pigBaby
name: "Pig Baby"
description: "An unfortunately ugly baby who looks more pig than human—rather sounds like one too, actually..."
